If you see the facts, my wife will never let you go.
Let's sleep like this, give me money,
I didn’t even sleep, I didn’t see anyone, I didn’t even joke,
Just fine.
This little girl doesn't look like that kind of person.
How can any girl today have the strength to stand on her own feet?
Look at her real vitality,
Maybe there will be many men with me?
How about it? Money?
Are you going to let me go?
If you have money, you are seeking death.
However, the real me is also one million,
It doesn't matter whether you leave my parents or not.
One hundred, wow, will be the fate of another life
If you deal with him, he won't be able to do well.
Another recommendation for fighting,
Treat this million as a fee for him
We want to be good, we want to be good, we want, this little bell